[Spectrum] Language update (#10022)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/spectrum/about/byoip.md

## Assign an IP address

> To use an IP, it must be assigned to a Spectrum app to create the appropriate A (IPv4) or AAAA (IPv6) records. This is done by specifying one or more IP addresses when creating an application through the API. In addition, the DNS `"type"` field must be updated to `"ADDRESS"` in order to create a Spectrum app using BYOIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an IP, it must be assigned to a Spectrum app to create the appropriate A (IPv4) or AAAA (IPv6) records. This is done by specifying one or more IP addresses when creating an application through the API. In addition, you must update the DNS `"type"` field to `"ADDRESS"` to create a Spectrum app using BYOIP.
```
Removes passive voice; removes unnecessary "in order to". There are other passive voice occurrences, but let's reduce one at a time!
